add warning for `DFTRACER_DATA_DIR` (#227)
hariharan-devarajan/dftracer: docs/api.rst

   DFTRACER_LOG_FILE                STRING  PATH To log file. In this case process id and app name is appended to file.
   DFTRACER_DATA_DIR                STRING  Colon separated paths that will be traced for I/O accesses by profiler.
                                            For tracing all directories use the string "all" (not recommended).

>                                             Note: DFTRACER_DATA_DIR acts as a prefix. If both ``/local/scratch`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                            Note: DFTRACER_DATA_DIR uses a prefix tree. If both ``/local/scratch`` and
```
